# Game Balance & Game Patch Changelog

## Version 1.81 - 2025-01-02
### General Changes

- **General Changes**
    - The new, better way of calculating the water absorption is now available for all terrain shaders. The only requirement is that the light multiplier is set to more than 2.1. Decals now use PBR light calculations if the terrain shader uses it, making them more consistent with the ground they are on.
    - Significant Performance Optimizations have been done to the Class.lua. We properly pre-allocate the table for units, shields, weapons, projectiles, damage instances, effects, decals and all the other parts of this game. We now properly pre-allocate them all, drastically reducing the frequency at which the engine ends up calling the resize function.
    ` Throughout the entire game you can expect 10% to 30% more performance on average, depending on what is happening.` (Credits to FAF for this amazing work)
    - Introduce Enhanced Target Priorities allowing units like Snipers, Artillery, and etc to have more complex and specific targets. Massive work has been done to reintroduced Tier'd Targetting to ensure units are NOT just targeting the first unit they see, but are targetting the best targets available. This is a huge improvement to the game, allowing for the player to focus less on micro-management and more on macro-management.
    - Entity Effects have been converted to DummyProjectiles meaning that the engine no longer has to caculate addition physics and more for them this is essential and saves a lot of performance specifically when lots of reclaim is on the map and there are a lot of explosion effects/units being destroyed.

- **Balance Changes**
    - **T3 Snipers**
        - T3 Snipers now cost an average of around 50% more energy to produce.
        - T3 Snipers do significantly less damage to Shields around (50% Less)
        - T3 Snipers now have a 250 E Upkeep
        - T3 Snipers Ability Tooltips have been updated
        - T3 Snipers no longer have stealth
        - T3 Snipers Health Reduced by 100
    - **T2 Snipers**
        - T2 Snipers do significantly less damage to Shields around (50% Less)

    - **T2 Gunships**
        - T2 Gunships TurretYawSpeed has been increased 90 from 60
        - T2 Gunships TurretYawRange has been increased from 90 to 180
        - T2 Gunships health has been reduced by 400 around the board (not accounting for factional diversity)

    - **T4 Seraphim Bomber**
        - T4 Seraphim Bomber Rate of Fire is fixed and now properly can release the bomb on time

    - **Radar & Sonar Buildings**
        - T1 and T2 Radars receive a 10% Radar Radius Increase
        - T3 Omni receives a 60% Radar Radius Increase & 30% Omni Radius Increase
        - T3 Omni receives an extra 1000 E Upkeep
        - T3 Omni ReactivateTime decreased from 12 to 6
        
        - Sonar Receives all same changes as above but T3 Sonar goes from 500 E Upkeep to 750 E Upkeep