# Game Balance & Game Patch Changelog

## Version 1.91 - 2025-02-16
### General Changes
- **T4 UEF Mobile Artillery Platforms**
    [Unifies the T4 UEF Mobile Artillery Platforms in terms of Max Speed, Max Speed Reverse, Max Acceleration, and Max Brake]
    - **Littleman**
        - RotateOnSpot: false -> true
        - Max Speed: 2.2 -> 1.7
        - Max Speed Reverse: 2.2 -> 1.7
        - Max Acceleration: 0.55 -> 1.1
        - Max Brake: 1.1 -> 1.7
    - **Fatboy**
        - RotateOnSpot: false -> true
        - Max Speed: 2.4 -> 1.7
        - Max Speed Reverse: 2.4 -> 1.7
        - Max Acceleration: 1.8 -> 1.1
        - Max Brake: 2.0 -> 1.7
- **T2 Cybran Destroyer**
    [Small Fix for Animation of the Walking for T2 Cybran Destroyer]
    - Walk Animation Rate: 3.2 -> 2.3
- **T2 Fighters**
    [T2 Fighters were overperforming in the late game vs T3 Fighters. This health nerf puts them in range of all of T2 Aircraft]
    - Health: 1400 -> 800
    - FuelUseTime: 270 -> 315
      - **T2 Fighter - Cybran**
        [Cybran T2 Fighter was severely weaker then all other T2 Fighters. This damage buff puts them in range of all other T2 Fighters]
        - Damage: 23 -> 75
      - **T2 Fighter - UEF**
        [UEF T2 Fighter was overperforming significantly compared to all other T2 Fighters. This nerf puts them in line with all other T2 Fighters.
        While I did not want to nerf the UEF T2 Fighter damage, It does suffer from requiring to be significantly more on target to kill compared to other T2 Fighters]
        - SlavedToBodyArcRange: 55 -> 40
        - MaxRadius: 32 -> 30
- **T1 Fighters**
    [T1 Fighters were adjusted slightly to account for the fact that T2 Fighters have lower health]
    - Health: Reduced by 90 from the generaly 290ish they had.
    - FuelUseTime: 200 -> 275
- **T1 Bombers**
    [T1 Bombers get a well deserved buff to their movement abilities as they we're sorely left out of the Air Rework.
    There were many stats changed so you'll have to see in-game as I redid them completely.]
- **T3 Rapid Assault Bot - UEF**
    [Titan was overperforming mostly through DPS this puts it more in line with being an early harassment unit for UEF in T3 Phase.
    Titan were overwhelming in the T3 Phase very early on and could lend to a very quick deathball of Titans that could overwhelm even a significant group of T3.5 Units.]
    - Damage: 60 -> 25
    - MuzzleVelocity: 30 -> 35
    - TurretYawSpeed: 75 -> 130
    - MaxRadius: 25 -> 24
      - **Shield**
        - ShieldRegenStartTime: 0.9 -> 1
- **T3 Rapid Assault Bot - Cybran**
    [Loyalist was overperforming mostly through DPS & Stun ability. This nerf puts them in line with being an Early Harassment Unit for Cybran in T3 Phase
    The same second sentence applies to Loyalist from the Titan Comment.]
      - **Disintigrator Weapon**
        - Damage: 200 -> 150
        - MaxRadius: 25 -> 20
        - TurretYawSpeed: 180 -> 120
        - TargetCheckInterval: 1 -> 0.5
      - **Heavy Electron Bolter Weapon**
        - Damage: 20 -> 15
        - MaxRadius: 25 -> 20
      - **Stun Death Weapon**
        - Duration: 3 -> 1.4
- **T3 Battle Tank - Cybran**
    [Mastodon was overperforming mostly through Range/DPS. This nerf puts it in line with other T3 Battle Tanks]
    - Damage: 400 -> 300
    - MaxRadius: 37 -> 33
    - UseFiringSolutionInsteadOfAimBone: true -> false
    
